README.md, before:

# Bluetooth Quick Connect

This extension allows paired Bluetooth devices to be connected and
disconnected via the GNOME system menu, without need to enter the
Settings.

---

<div align="center">
<div>
<a href="https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/1401/bluetooth-quick-connect">
<img alt="Get it on Gnome Extensions" height="100" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andyholmes/gnome-shell-extensions-badge/master/get-it-on-ego.svg?sanitize=true">
</a>
</div>
<a href="https://github.com/Extensions-Valhalla/gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect">
<img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Extensions-Valhalla/gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect?style=for-the-badge">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/Extensions-Valhalla/gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect/graphs/contributors">
<img alt="GitHub contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Extensions-Valhalla/gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect?style=for-the-badge">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/Extensions-Valhalla/gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect/blob/master/LICENSE">
<img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/Extensions-Valhalla/gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect?style=for-the-badge">
</a>
</div>

> [!NOTE]
> This is a maintained fork of orignal Extension by [bjarosze](https://github.com/bjarosze).

## Installation

### Requirements

- Properly working `bluez` setup

### Installation from source code

Make sure you have Node.js and `pnpm` installed

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Extensions-Valhalla/gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect
cd gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect
pnpm install
pnpm extension:install
```

## Troubleshooting Guide

### Battery Level Doesn't work

Headset battery (currently) requires enabling experimental features in `bluez`.

See https://github.com/bjarosze/gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect/pull/42 for more details.

### Guides

- [Enabling Experimental Features](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/bluetooth#Enabling_experimental_features)
- [Check Bluetooth headphones battery status in Linux](https://askubuntu.com/questions/1117563/check-bluetooth-headphones-battery-status-in-linux)

Commit message:

docs: Add Pop!OS bluetooth menu instructions

README.md, after:

# Bluetooth Quick Connect

This extension allows paired Bluetooth devices to be connected and
disconnected via the GNOME system menu, without need to enter the
Settings.

---

<div align="center">
<div>
<a href="https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/1401/bluetooth-quick-connect">
<img alt="Get it on Gnome Extensions" height="100" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andyholmes/gnome-shell-extensions-badge/master/get-it-on-ego.svg?sanitize=true">
</a>
</div>
<a href="https://github.com/Extensions-Valhalla/gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect">
<img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Extensions-Valhalla/gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect?style=for-the-badge">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/Extensions-Valhalla/gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect/graphs/contributors">
<img alt="GitHub contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Extensions-Valhalla/gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect?style=for-the-badge">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/Extensions-Valhalla/gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect/blob/master/LICENSE">
<img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/Extensions-Valhalla/gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect?style=for-the-badge">
</a>
</div>

> [!NOTE]
> This is a maintained fork of original Extension by [bjarosze](https://github.com/bjarosze).

## Installation

### Requirements

- Properly working `bluez` setup

### Installation from source code

Make sure you have Node.js and `pnpm` installed

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Extensions-Valhalla/gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect
cd gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect
pnpm install
pnpm extension:install
```

## Troubleshooting Guide

### Battery Level Doesn't work

Headset battery (currently) requires enabling experimental features in `bluez`.

See https://github.com/bjarosze/gnome-bluetooth-quick-connect/pull/42 for more details.

#### Guides

- [Enabling Experimental Features](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/bluetooth#Enabling_experimental_features)
- [Check Bluetooth headphones battery status in Linux](https://askubuntu.com/questions/1117563/check-bluetooth-headphones-battery-status-in-linux)

### Bluetooth Menu Disappears when turned Off (Pop!OS)

You may encounter an issue where the Bluetooth menu disappears when you turn off Bluetooth.

To fix this issue you need to do the following:

- Have **at-least one** device paired (this is important)
- Run this command in terminal

```bash
gsettings set org.gnome.shell had-bluetooth-devices-setup true
```

Now you can restart your system and the Bluetooth menu should be fixed.
